assets/fossil/textures/AncientJavelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/armor/bone_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/armor/bone_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/armor/headband_master.png
assets/fossil/textures/armor/TextureAncientHelmet.png
assets/fossil/textures/armor/Vase.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Amber_Ore.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Analyser_Front_Active.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Analyser_Front_Idle.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Analyser_Sides.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Analyser_Top.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/AncientChest.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/AncientChestSquare.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_10.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_11.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_12.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_13.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_14.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_15.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_16.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_17.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_18.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_19.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_20.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_21.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_22.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_23.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_24.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_25.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_26.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_27.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_28.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_29.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_30.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_31.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_32.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_33.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_34.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_35.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_36.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_37.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_38.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_39.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_40.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_41.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_42.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_43.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_44.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_45.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_46.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_47.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_5.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_6.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_7.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_8.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/ancientGlass/Ancient_Glass_9.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Ancient_Glass.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Ancient_Stonebricks.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Ancient_Stone.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Ancient_Wood_Pillar.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Ancient_Wood_Pillar_Top.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Ancient_Wood_Plates.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Ancient_Wood.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/anuTotemExploding.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/anuTotem.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Arch_Table_Bottom.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Arch_Table_Side1_Active.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Arch_Table_Side1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Arch_Table_Side2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Arch_Table_Top_Active.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Arch_Table_Top_Idle.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Culture_Bottom.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Culture_Sides_Idle.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Culture_Sides_Strong.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Culture_Sides_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Culture_Top.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/culturevat_green.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/culturevat_overlay.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/culturevat.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/culturevat_red.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/culturevat_yellow.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/embryo_generic.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/embryo_insect.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/embryo_legless.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/embryo_plant.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/cultureVat/embryo_spore.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/dense_sand.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Drum_Bottom.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Drum_Side.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Drum_Top1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Drum_Top2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Drum_Top3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Bottom.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Front1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Front2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Front3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Front4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Sides.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Top1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Top2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Top3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Feeder_Top4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S5.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S6.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S7.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_1S8.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_2S1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_2S2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_2S3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_2S4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Fern_2S5.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/AncientFigurine.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_enderman_broken.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_enderman_damaged.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_enderman_pristine.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_mysterious.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_pigzombie_broken.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_pigzombie_damaged.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_pigzombie_pristine.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_skeleton_broken.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_skeleton_damaged.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_skeleton_pristine.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_steve_broken.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_steve_damaged.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_steve.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_steve_pristine.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_zombie_broken.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_zombie_damaged.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/figurine_zombie_pristine.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_0.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_10.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_11.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_12.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_13.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_14.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_15.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_5.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_6.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_7.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_8.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/figurines/icons/figurine_icon_9.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/leaves_palaeoraphe_fast.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/leaves_palaeoraphe.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Limestone_Brick.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Limestone.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Marble_Brick.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/MarbleStoneBrick.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/obsidianSpikes.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/overworldPortal.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Palae_Leaves_dull_fancy.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Palae_Leaves_dull.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Palae_Log.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Palae_Log_Top.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Palae_Planks.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Palae_Sapling.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_bennettitales_large_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_bennettitales_large_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_bennettitales_small.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_cephalotaxus.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_dillhoffia.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_horsetail_large_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_horsetail_large_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_horsetail_small.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_licopodiophyta.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_mutant_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_mutant_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_paleopanax_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_paleopanax_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_sarracina_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_sarracina_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_sunflower.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_welwitschia.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/plants/plant_zamites.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Prehistoric carrot1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Prehistoric carrot2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Prehistoric carrot3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Prehistoric carrot4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/sarcophagus.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/SifterBottom.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Sifter.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/SifterSides.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/SifterTopActive.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/SifterTop.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Skull_Back.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Skull_Front_off.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Skull_Front_on.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Skull_Side.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Slime_Trail.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Slime_Trail_turned.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_10.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_11.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_12.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_13.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_14.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_15.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_16.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_17.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_18.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_19.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_20.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_21.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_22.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_23.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_24.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_25.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_26.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_27.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_28.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_29.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_30.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_31.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_32.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_33.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_34.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_35.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_36.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_37.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_38.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_39.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_40.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_41.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_42.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_43.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_44.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_45.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_46.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_47.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_5.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_6.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_7.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_8.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/strongGlass/Reinforced_Glass_9.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Tar.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/TM_Bottom.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/TM_Side1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/TM_Side2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/TM_Top.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/TNClock.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_amphora_0.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_amphora_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_amphora_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_amphora_3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_amphora_4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_kylix_0.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_kylix_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_kylix_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_kylix_3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_kylix_4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_volute_0.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_volute_1.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_volute_2.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_volute_3.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/icons/vase_icon_volute_4.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_blackFigure_amphora.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_blackFigure_kylix.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_blackFigure_volute.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_damaged_amphora.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_damaged_kylix.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_damaged_volute.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_porcelain_amphora.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_porcelain_kylix.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_porcelain_volute.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_redFigure_amphora.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_redFigure_kylix.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_redFigure_volute.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_restored_amphora.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_restored_kylix.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/vases/vase_restored_volute.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Volcanic_Ash.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Volcanic_Brick.png
assets/fossil/textures/blocks/Volcanic_Rock.png
assets/fossil/textures/bubble.png
assets/fossil/textures/darkOrb.png
assets/fossil/textures/DiamondJavelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/Flies.png
assets/fossil/textures/FossilCape.png
assets/fossil/textures/GoldJavelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Analyser.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/ancienthelmetblur.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Arch_Notebook.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Cultivate.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Dinopedia.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Feeder.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/panorama/down.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/panorama/east.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/panorama/north.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/panorama/south.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/panorama/up.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/panorama/west.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/PediaClock.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/PediaFood.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/PediaHeart.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Sifter.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/skullhelmetblur.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Timemachine.png
assets/fossil/textures/gui/Workbench.png
assets/fossil/textures/IronJavelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Allosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Allosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Allosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Amber.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Amulet.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AmuletRemains.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Anc Figurine.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientArrowheadDirty.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Artifact1.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Artifact2.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Artifact3.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Artifact4.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Artifact5.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Artifact6.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Broken Artifact1.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Broken Artifact2.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient broken Pottery1.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientDirtyPottery.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment10.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment2.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment3.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment4.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment5.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment6.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment7.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment8.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment9.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Fragment.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Helm.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientIronArrowhead.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Javelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Key.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientMattockHead.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Pottery1.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Pottery2.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Pottery3.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Pottery4.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Pottery5.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient Pottery6.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientPotteryFragment1.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientPotteryFragment2.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientPotteryFragment3.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientRusticArrowhead.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientSickle.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/AncientStoneArrowhead.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Sword.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Vase_Broken.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Vase.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ancient_Wood_Plates.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Animal_Coin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ankylosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ankylosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ankylosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Arch_Notebook.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Bio_Fossil.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Bone_Boots.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Bone_Helm.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Bone_Legs.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Bone_Plate.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Brachiosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Brachiosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Brachiosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Broken_Ancient_Helm.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Broken_Ancient_Sword.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ceratosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ceratosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Ceratosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Chicken_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Chicken_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Claw.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Coelacanth_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Coelacanth_live_Ocean.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Coelacanth_live_River.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Coelacanth_live_Swamp.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Compsognathus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Compsognathus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Compsognathus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Confuciusornis_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Chicken_Soup.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/CookedConfuciornis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Dino_Ribs.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Dodo_Wing.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Flipper.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Pterosaur_Wing.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Raptor_Wing.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Sauropod_Thigh.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cooked_Therapod_Leg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/CoveredRusticshield.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cow_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Cow_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Deinonychus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Deinonychus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Deinonychus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Diamond_Javelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Dilophosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Dilophosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Dilophosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Dinopedia.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Allosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Ankylosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Brachiosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Ceratosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Compsognathus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Deinonychus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Dilophosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Gallimimus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Liopleurodon_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Mosasaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Pachycephalosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Plesiosaur_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Pterosaur_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Sarcosuchus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Spinosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Stegosaurus_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/TRex_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Triceratops_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/armBone/Velociraptor_armBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Allosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Ankylosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Brachiosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Ceratosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Compsognathus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Deinonychus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Dilophosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Gallimimus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Liopleurodon_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Mosasaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Pachycephalosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Plesiosaur_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Pterosaur_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Sarcosuchus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Spinosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Stegosaurus_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/TRex_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Triceratops_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/dinoRibCage/Velociraptor_dinoRibCage.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Allosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Ankylosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Brachiosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Ceratosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Compsognathus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Deinonychus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Dilophosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Gallimimus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Liopleurodon_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Mosasaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Pachycephalosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Plesiosaur_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Pterosaur_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Sarcosuchus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Spinosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Stegosaurus_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/TRex_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Triceratops_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/foot/Velociraptor_foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Allosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Ankylosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Brachiosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Ceratosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Compsognathus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Deinonychus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Dilophosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Gallimimus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Liopleurodon_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Mosasaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Pachycephalosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Plesiosaur_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Pterosaur_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Sarcosuchus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Spinosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Stegosaurus_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/TRex_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Triceratops_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/legBone/Velociraptor_legBone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Ankylosaurus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Brachiosaurus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Compsognathus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Deinonychus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Dilophosaurus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Gallimimus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Liopleurodon_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Mosasaurus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Pachycephalosaurus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Plesiosaur_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Pterosaur_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Sarcosuchus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Spinosaurus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Stegosaurus_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/TRex_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Triceratops_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/models/Velociraptor_model.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Allosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Ankylosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Brachiosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Ceratosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Compsognathus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Deinonychus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Dilophosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Gallimimus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Liopleurodon_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Mosasaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Pachycephalosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Plesiosaur_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Plesiosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Pterosaur_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Sarcosuchus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Spinosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Stegosaurus_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/TRex_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Triceratops_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/skull/Velociraptor_skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Allosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Ankylosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Brachiosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Ceratosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Compsognathus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Deinonychus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Dilophosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Gallimimus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Liopleurodon_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Mosasaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Pachycephalosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Plesiosaur_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Pterosaur_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Sarcosuchus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Spinosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Stegosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/TRex_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Triceratops_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Tyrannosaurus_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/uniqueItem/Velociraptor_uniqueItem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Allosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Ankylosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Brachiosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Ceratosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Compsognathus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Deinonychus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Dilophosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Gallimimus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Liopleurodon_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Mosasaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Pachycephalosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Plesiosaur_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Pterosaur_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Sarcosuchus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Spinosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Stegosaurus_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/TRex_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Triceratops_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dinosaur_bones/vertebrae/Velociraptor_vertebrae.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Dino_Steak.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Dodo_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/dominican_amber.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Egg_Confuciusornis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Egg_Cultivated_Chicken.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Egg_Cultivated_Confuciusornis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Egg_Cultivated_Dodo.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Egg_Dodo.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Elasmotherium/Elasmotherium_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Elasmotherium meat raw.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Elasmotherium_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Empty_Shell.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Essence_Of_Chicken.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Fern_Seeds.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/flesh.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Foot.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/fossilPlant.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gallimimus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gallimimus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gallimimus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gem_Axe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gem_Hoe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gem_Pickaxe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gem_Shovel.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gem_Sword.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/GoldJavelinHeadCovered.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/GoldJavelinHead.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Gold_Javelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/headrelic_broken.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/headrelic_roman.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Horse_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Horse_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Human_Coin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Iced_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/IronJavelinHeadCovered.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/IronJavelinHead.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Iron_Javelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Leg_Bone.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Liopleurodon_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Liopleurodon_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Liopleurodon_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Magic_Conch.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mammoth_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mammoth_Meat_Cooked.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mammoth_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mammoth_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mosasaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mosasaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mosasaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mystical scythe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mystical scytheS1.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mystical scytheS2.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Mystical scytheS3.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Nautilus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Nautilus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Nautilus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pachycephalosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pachycephalosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pachycephalosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Palae_Fossil.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pig_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pig_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_bennettitales.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_cephalotaxus.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_dillhoffia.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_fern.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_horsetail.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_licopodiophyta.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_paleopanax.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_sarracina.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_welwitschia.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/fossilSeed_zamites.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_bennettitales.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_cephalotaxus.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_dillhoffia.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_horsetail.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_licopodiophyta.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_paleopanax.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_sarracina.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_welwitschia.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/plants/seed_zamites.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Plesiosaur_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Plesiosaur_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Plesiosaur_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/PotteryShard.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pterosaur_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pterosaur_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Pterosaur_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Quagga_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Quagga_Meat_Cooked.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Quagga_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Quagga_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Allosaurus_Leg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Ankylosaurus_Ribs.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Brachiosaurus_Thigh.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Chicken_Soup.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Compsognathus_Leg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/RawConfuciornis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Deinonychus_Wing.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Dilophosaurus_Leg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Dodo_Wing.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Gallimimus_Leg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Liopleurodon_Flipper.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Mosasaurus_Flipper.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Pachycephalosaurus_Ribs.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Plesiosaur_Flipper.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Pterosaur_Wing.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Spinosaurus_Leg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Stegosaurus_Ribs.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Triceratops_Ribs.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Tyrannosaurus_Leg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Raw_Velociraptor_Wing.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/record_anu.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/record_bones.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Relic_Scrap.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/RusticBowFragment.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/RusticBow.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Rusticshield.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/RusticSwordBroken.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/RusticSword.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Sarcosuchus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Sarcosuchus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/sarcosuchus egg texture.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Sarcosuchus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/scarab_blue.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Scarab_Gem.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Sheep_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Sheep_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Sio_Chiu_Le.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Skull.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Skull_Stick.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Smilodon_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Smilodon meat cooked.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Smilodon meat raw.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Smilodon_Syringe.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Spinosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Spinosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Spinosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Stegosaurus_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Stegosaurus_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Stegosaurus_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/StoneJavelinHead.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Stone_Javelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Stone_Tablet.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_Cultivated_gastornis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_Cultivated_kelenken.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_Cultivated_phorusrhacos.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_Cultivated_titanis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_gastornis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_kelenken.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_phorusrhacos.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/Egg_titanis.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/TerrorBird_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/TerrorBird_Meat_Cooked.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TerrorBird/TerrorBird_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/toothDagger.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Tooth dagger.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TRex_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TRex_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TRex_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/TRex tooth.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Triceratops_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Triceratops_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Triceratops_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Velociraptor_DNA.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Velociraptor_Egg.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Velociraptor_Meat.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Whip0.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Whip1.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Whip.png
assets/fossil/textures/items/Wooden_Javelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Black_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Black.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Black_Tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Black_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Green.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Green_Tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Green_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Red_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Red.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Red_Tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Allosaurus/Allosaurus_Red_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Ankylosaurus/Ankylosaurus_armor_gold.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Ankylosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Anubite_ancient.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Anubite_ancient_statue.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Archaeologist.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Brachiosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Brachiosaurus_sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Ceratosaurus/Ceratosaurus_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Ceratosaurus/Ceratosaurus_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Ceratosaurus/Ceratosaurus_Red_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Ceratosaurus/Ceratosaurus_Red_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Ceratosaurus/DinoModelCeratosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Coelacanth_Ocean.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Coelacanth_River.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Coelacanth_Swamp.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Compsognathus/Compsognathus_Green.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Compsognathus/Compsognathus_Purple.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Compsognathus/feathered/Feathered_Compsognathus_Green.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Compsognathus/feathered/Feathered_Compsognathus_Purple.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Confuciusornis_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Confuciusornis.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Black_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Black_Adult_wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Black_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Black_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Brown_Adult_wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Brown_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Grey_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Grey_Adult_wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Grey_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/Deinonychus_Grey_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Black_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Black_Adult_wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Black_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Black_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Brown_Adult_wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Brown_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Grey_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Grey_Adult_wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Grey_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Deinonychus/feathered/Feathered_Deinonychus_Grey_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/Dilophosaurus_Adult_Orange.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/Dilophosaurus_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/Dilophosaurus_Baby_Orange.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/Dilophosaurus_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/feathered/Feathered_Dilophosaurus_Adult_Orange.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/feathered/Feathered_Dilophosaurus_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/feathered/Feathered_Dilophosaurus_Baby_Orange.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dilophosaurus/feathered/Feathered_Dilophosaurus_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinoChests.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture10.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture11.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture12.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture13.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture14.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture15.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture16.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture17.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture18.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture19.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture1.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture2.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture3.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture4.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture5.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture6.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture7.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture8.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurEggs/eggTexture9.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelAllosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelAnkylosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelBrachiosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelCeratosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelCompsognathus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelDeinonychus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelDilophosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelGallimimus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelLiopleurodon.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelMosasaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelNautilus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelPachycephalosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelPlesiosaur.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelPterosaur.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelSpinosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelStegosaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelTRex.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelTriceratops.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/DinosaurModels/DinoModelVelociraptor.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dodo_Brown.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Dodo_Gray.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Elasmotherium/Elasmotherium_Brown.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Elasmotherium/Elasmotherium_Dark.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Elasmotherium/Elasmotherium_White.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/error.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Failuresaurus_creepy.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Failuresaurus_cute.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Failuresaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/feathered/Feathered_Gallimimus_Brown.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/feathered/Feathered_Gallimimus_Green.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/feathered/Feathered_Gallimimus_LightBlue.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/feathered/Feathered_Gallimimus_Orange.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/Gallimimus_Brown.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/Gallimimus_Green.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/Gallimimus_LightBlue.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Gallimimus/Gallimimus_Orange.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Liopleurodon_Black.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Brown_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Brown_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Brown_Furless.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Brown_Furless_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Dark_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Dark_Brown_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Dark_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Dark_Brown_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Dark_Brown_Furless.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_Dark_Brown_Furless_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_White_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_White_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_White_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_White_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_White_Furless.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mammoth/Mammoth_White_Furless_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mosasaur_Blue.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Mosasaur_Green.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Nautilus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pachy-Lime.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pachy-Monochrome.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pachy-Pumpkin.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/PigBossCharged_r.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/PigBoss_Charging.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/PigBoss_overlay.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/PigBoss.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Plesiosaur_adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pteranodon/Pteranodon_Blue_baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pteranodon/Pteranodon_Blue.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pteranodon/Pteranodon_classic_baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pteranodon/Pteranodon_classic.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pteranodon/Pteranodon_Red_baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Pteranodon/Pteranodon_Red.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Quagga_Brown.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/SaberCat_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/SaberCat_Young.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus_baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Desert_baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Desert_tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Desert_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Desert_Wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Swamp_baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Swamp_tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Swamp_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus/Sarcosuchus_Swamp_Wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus_tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Sarcosuchus_Wild.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/sentryPigman.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Smilodon/Smilodon_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Smilodon/Smilodon_White_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Smilodon/Smilodon_White_Young.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Smilodon/Smilodon_Young.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Spinosaurus_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Brown_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Green_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Yellow_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Yellow_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Stegosaurus/Stegosaurus_Yellow_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Gastornis_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Gastornis_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Kelenken_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Kelenken_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Phorusrhacos_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Phorusrhacos_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Titanis_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TerrorBird/Titanis_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_TRex_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_Trex_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_TRex_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_TRex_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_TRex_Green_Tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_TRex_Green_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_TRex_Tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/feathered/Feathered_TRex_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Green_Tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Green_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Tame.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/TRex/TRex_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Feathered_TRex_Weak.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Brown_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Brown_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Brown_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Brown_Teen_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Green_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Green_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Green_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Green_Teen_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Grey_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Grey_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Grey_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Grey_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Grey_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/quilled/Triceratops_Grey_Teen_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Brown_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Brown_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Brown_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Brown_Teen_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Green_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Green_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Green_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Green_Teen_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Grey_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Grey_Adult_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Grey_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Grey_Baby_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Grey_Teen.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Triceratops/Triceratops_Grey_Teen_Sleeping.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_Blue_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_Blue_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_River_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/feathered/Feathered_Velociraptor_River_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_Blue_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_Blue_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_Brown_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_Brown_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_Green_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_Green_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_River_Adult.png
assets/fossil/textures/mob/Velociraptor/Velociraptor_River_Baby.png
assets/fossil/textures/PigBoss_r.png
assets/fossil/textures/RenderPassMosasaurus.png
assets/fossil/textures/Stone_Boards.png
assets/fossil/textures/StoneJavelin.png
assets/fossil/textures/WoodenJavelin.png
